Part 1

Red Dragon's Lower Jaw.

A valley with just a single main road continuing down it.

It's not straight like the Holy Sword Highway.

However, that doesn't change the fact that it's a single path with no forks.


In the space between national borders is a region that doesn't belong to any specific country.

After passing by here it will be Asura Kingdom.


That guy came, just normally walking by.

On the opposite side of the road.


Silver hair, golden eyes, no particular equipment, wearing a simple white coat made out of some kind of fur.

Neither riding on a horse, nor riding on a carriage, just walking along.

It was a man.

Going from my impression it was at most, "A guy with a bad look in his eyes."

This man had a serious case of Sanpaku eyes.[1]


Rather than that, what my eyes stopped on was.

At his side.

There was a single black haired young girl.

I had a feeling I had met her somewhere before, but I can't remember.


There are few people with pure black hair in this world.

Even if it looks black, after taking a closer look it's a blackish-brown or closer to grey.

I had no intention of remembering a stranger based on their hair color, but I have a feeling it wouldn't be strange for me to remember her black hair.

Even though that's the case, I can't remember.


There's a reason why this young girl especially entered my sight.

That face.


There was a mask worn on her face.

If you were to ask if there's a characteristic, there would be but if you were to ask if there wasn't any, there wouldn't be.

It was pure white, with nothing written on it, a mask with no kind of ornament on it.

￼

If I were to compare it then it would be like the mask from Dirty Mask.

It just stood out.


In regards to this world, I've never seen a person who wore a mask like this before.

It doesn't seem like fashion.


"...!!"


It's not like I was charmed by the girl, but at this point I hadn't realized that Ruijerd in the driver’s seat had a pale face.

Eris was the same.

Each step closer the man took, that expression became even more severe, while holding onto the handle of her sword with enough strength that it had become pure white.


When the man recognized our figures he tilted his head with an "Oh?"


"Hmm... You, could it be you're from the Superd race?"


The man narrowed his Sanpaku eyes.

When I saw that I thought of a doubt.

The current Ruijerd has no hair and the jewel on his forehead is hidden.

How did he know I wonder?

I don't know, does he exude some kind of Superd smell?

While I was thinking such, Ruijerd turned around.


"Is he an... acquaintance...?"


My question paused partway through.

Ruijerd's face was different.

It was far too excessively different from normal.

All of the blood from his white skin had been drained.

The cold sweat was pouring, the hand that was holding his spear was trembling.

This is... I have a recollection of this expression.


It's terror.


"Rudeus, absolutely do not move, Eris as well."


Ruijerd's voice was trembling.

While I continued not knowing what was going on, I silently nodded.

Eris' face was bright red, it seemed like she was ready to jump out at any moment.

Both the arms and legs were trembling.

Are they frightened?

I'm sure there's that, but even more than that, Eris is showing hostility towards him.


However, he's an opponent who I don't know.

During some point when I don't know, did these two come across this man?


For the time being I continued to watch over the situation.


"Hnn? That voice, is it Ruijerd Superdia. Since you don't have any hair I couldn't recognize you for a moment. Why are you in this place?"


The man casually approached us.

Ruijerd prepared his spear.

I don't know.

Why is Ruijerd being so cautious of this man?

I don't know.


For the time being since the two were afraid I opened my demon eye.

Putting it frankly, it was with light feelings.


<The man's figure turned into several tens of blurs>


It was so blurred that I couldn't even tell where the silhouette was.

What is this?


"Hnn? That red hair over there is Eris Boreas Greyrat, huh. The other one is... Who? Well, it's fine. I see, I've seen it Ruijerd Superdia. For someone who likes children as much as you, you've come this far bringing these two, who were thrown to the Magic Continent in that teleport incident, back home."


Eris yelled in a surprised voice at the man who nodded with a face that appears to know everything.


"Wh-why do you know my name?"


Eris' words brought me even further into confusion.

Is it someone you don't know?

Is it your first meeting?

No, it’s Eris, it wouldn't be strange for her to have forgotten.


Even though I say that, in this world I've almost never seen anyone with silver hair.

Those characteristic-like Sanpaku eyes and it seems like only Eris and Ruijerd are feeling some kind of bizarre sensation.

If they've already met once, then as expected you would usually remember.


"Who are you? How do you know my name?"


Ruijerd thrust his spear at the man.

It seems it's not an acquaintance of Ruijerd as well.


Eris and Ruijerd say they don't know the man.

I don't know the man.

The man doesn't know me.

However, the man knows Eris and Ruijerd.


Well, that's fine on its own.

Ruijerd is famous.

His name isn't all that well known on the Central Continent, but if you were to go to the Magic Continent generally everyone would know his name and face.

In regards to Eris I don't really know, but if you were to speak of a Red Haired Bishoujo Swordsman, then you could probably hit it with some guesswork.


But, what's strange isn't that.

The obviously strange point isn't that kind of thing.

It's the behavior.

The atmosphere if you could call it that.

The difference in behavior between the man and these two is far too different.


The man's behavior is extremely friendly.

His tone of voice as well, if you were to ask which way, it has some happiness mixed in as if one met an old friend in an unexpected place.


In contrast to Ruijerd, it seems like he's about ready to attack at any moment.

However, he's not moving his hands.

He's clearly looking at him with hostility, but he's not commencing his attack.

I don't understand the reason.


Even Eris who is always trying to take the first move isn't moving a bit.

I can't imagine it's just because Ruijerd told us not to move.


"This is a strange place to meet but... It seems like you're doing well. Then it's fine."


The man took a good look at Ruijerd who was holding the spear towards him, but soon after, he laughed to himself, and took one step backwards.


After seeing that, the girl wearing the mask let out a small whisper.


"Is it fine?"

"It can't be helped at the current point in time."


I couldn't comprehend it, shortly after the conversation excluding the subject,


"I've been a hindrance to you."


The man slowly started to walk just to our side.

The black haired girl followed afterwards.

Ruijerd never took his eyes off.

Of course, Eris as well.


"About me... eventually, you'll understand."


In the end he quietly said that.

A profound meaning.


This man knows something.

I thought that intuitively.

I'm getting a similar feeling to the Hitogami from this man.


"Please wait a minute!"


Before I realized it I had called out to him.

The man turned around.

It was a surprised face.

And then, Eris and Ruijerd as well were looking at me with surprised faces.


"What is it? Who are you?"

"Ah, excuse me. I'm Rudeus Greyrat."

"It's a name I've never heard before."


Well it is our first meeting after all.


"No, Greyrat, huh. What's your parent’s name?"

"Rather than that, won't you name yourself?"

"Hmmm... Well, I don't mind I guess. I'm Orsted."


Orsted.

A name I have no memory of hearing.

I don't know it to the point that I'm the same as the people who died and are apologizing in the other world.

After looking at Ruijerd, it seems like he doesn't know either.


"Ummm, are you an acquaintance of these two?"

"No, we haven't become acquaintances yet."

"Yet? What do you mean?"

"It's fine if you don't know. Then your parents?"


They were words that were bluntly refused.

Even though I answered your question, you should answer my question as well, huh.

Well fine.

I wouldn't be bothered over something to that degree.


"It's Paul Greyrat."

"...Hmmm? Paul shouldn't have a son. He should only have two daughters."


How rude.

He does you know, my father has a single son that looks quite similar to him.

An idiot son who left home and went all the way to Magic Continent to work.


"...Hnnn?"


There Orsted leaned his head like he realized something.

He slowly took steps towards me.


"Don't get any closer than that!"

"Yeah, I understand."


However he was threatened by Ruijerd and maintained his distance.

While closing a bit of the distance, he was taking a good look at my face.

I caught that gaze from the front.


"You don't avoid eye contact, do you?"

"Since the look in your eyes is scary, it feels like I might turn away any moment now."

"Hmmm, in other words, you aren't feeling any fear."


The man's brow dropped.


"Hmmm. That's strange. I have no memory of meeting you."


I don't either.

It's our first meeting.

I don't know a name like Orsted.

I have no recollection of his appearance either.

Not to mention he just keeps saying things that I have no idea what they are about.

Next, he finally said some words I could comprehend.


"You, could it be, you have heard of the words Human God, Hitogami before?"


That is right, finally.

Finally, that name.

Finally something that I could understand came out.

I'll say it clearly.

I was letting my guard down.

Even though it was something that no one had said until now.

Suddenly hearing it from another person's mouth, not to mention the fact that it was from the mouth of this man who keeps talking about things I can't understand.

There were no common points in the language to connect our conversation, so I thought, ah, if it's that even I understand.

With just that kind of light feeling about it.

I said it.


"I do, the one known as Hitogami comes out in my dreams..."


I suddenly saw a vision.


<Orsted's arm has gone through my chest>


At a speed almost as if he had teleported, it went straight through my chest.

I can't avoid it.

With just one second, it's too short.


"Rudeus!"


In a moment the vision of it going through disappeared, Ruijerd forced himself in front of me.

The thrust stopped at Ruijerd and I fell backwards.

The man was looking over Ruijerd's shoulder.

They were cold eyes.


"I see, you were the pawn of Hitogami."


It's a false accusation.

Part 2

Ruijerd shouted.


"Run away! Rudeus!"

"You're in the way, Ruijerd."


Ruijerd swung his spear.

I couldn't move.

In the first place, there wasn't enough time to run.


There were several seconds before Ruijerd suffered damage.

He twisted around like a baby, I couldn't do anything but silently watch.

Ruijerd is strong.

He's supposed to be strong.

In the end, over the course of this journey Eris hasn't been able to get even a single good hit on him.

Five hundred years worth of combat experience should have made him worthy of being unrivaled.

He's supposed to be a man with strength above King Class.


The fact that such a Ruijerd would lose was something that I could clearly see.

I saw through the whole thing while watching with my demon eye.

In terms of time, it was at most 10 seconds.

Orsted was by no means faster than Ruijerd.

Just, each time Ruijerd made a single move, just a little bit, Ruijerd started to lose his advantage.

That continued to repeat one time, three times, four times.


While Ruijerd was moving he was digging his own grave.

A little, again a little, he was gradually being cornered.

Each time he received an attack his stance collapsed just a bit, each time he went in to attack he had the initiative reversed on him.


Ability.

There was certainly nothing but ability there.

Even I could clearly see it, Orsted was striking down Ruijerd.


Orsted was overwhelmingly exceeding him.

Even looking from my eyes, I could clearly understand it.


It was a brilliant technique.

With the most minimum movement possible, yet he was rendering Ruijerd powerless at his fastest speed.

If you could realize that, it would most likely end up with those movements.

He completely saw through the distance with Ruijerd, he always left his body in the inner part of the spears effective range.


Ruijerd was using his mastered combination at his specialty distance.

That was being destroyed as if it were being ridiculed, staggered, gaps were being created, attacks that you absolutely can't take were being guarded.


Most likely, if he were to try and kill he would have been able to do it.

However, that guy wasn't doing it.

He knocked him unconscious.

He was going easy with that Ruijerd as an opponent.


And then.

Ruijerd was unable to do anything.

All of his means disappeared.

It was checkmate.


A fist very deeply landed in Ruijerd's solar plexus, subsequently a second fist grazed the tip of his jaw.

The third hit, a fist that reaped Ruijerd's consciousness attacked his temple.

He rotated twice and then fell to the ground.

Ruijerd wasn't moving.

He wasn't dead, but he wasn't moving.


Orsted could have probably gotten a single hit whenever.

While going for the second hit he probably devoted to it.

However, in order to steal Ruijerd's consciousness it required three hits.


Even though that was able to render Ruijerd helpless, it could have been called the fastest performance.


"Now then."

"Uuuuaaa!"


The one who shouted wasn't I.

It was Eris.

She moved in front of me, she faced Orsted with a flash of the drawn sword and fired it off.


"...Hidden Technique, [Streaming Current]"


In regards to Eris it didn't cost Orsted any time.

Just, he only caught her sword gently on the palm of his hand.

At least that's how it looked to me.

With just that, Eris's body started to spin like a tornado and was blown away.

It was almost like the time when receiving a certain kill technique in battle and being blown off.


Eris flew out of that guy’s field of vision.

The instant Ruijerd fell, Eris fired off a slash in his blind spot.

Even looking at it from my eyes, it was an attack that I thought had no shortcomings.

Without a thought for defense, a completely focused sword strike.


In regards to that, that guy reversed it one technique.


I don't know what was done specifically.

In my eyes, it just looked like his hand went to the side of Eris' sword.

In the next instant, Eris was sent flying with a tailspin.

No, I've seen something similar to that.

Paul showed it to me.

It was a technique of the Water God style.

It was a move that seemed like that with a much more honed and sharpened feel to it.

Every bit of the energy from her motion was returned to Eris.


"Gaha..!"


Eris crashed into a stone wall.

While scattering rocks all over the place she fell.

Since she has trained, I want to think that she wouldn't die.

However, it could be that something like her bones had fractured.


"Eris Boreas Greyrat. It seems you've advanced your skill with the sword considerably. I did think you had the potential, but... It's still rough."

"Uu...uu.."


Eris was trying to get up while letting out a groan.

If it was the usual me, I think I would have quickly tried to use healing magic on her.


However, I had other things to worry about than that.


His eyes were aimed at me.

Part 3

It was in the blink of an eye.

In the blink of an eye the two of them were beaten.


I always had my demon eye opened.

One second ahead, what I saw there was despair.

No matter what timing I reacted with, I would just have it turned back on me.


The me one second ahead had all of my vital points being crushed.

Head, throat, heart, lung...

I could see visions of each of them being crushed, furthermore, I saw the vision that guy was there.


I didn't understand the meaning.

If this is true, then that means one second later there will be five of him.

I couldn't move.

I understood that everything was futile.


Continuing unable to do anything, one second passed.

He was right in front of me.

Right in front of me as I couldn't move.


It was a slide movement that would make you think he was completely ignoring the laws of physics.

He appeared in front of me almost as if he had teleported.

Abruptly, almost like an anime lacking the inbetween frames.

And then, by the time he had arrived in front of me, he had already finished the movements for his attack.

These sorts of movements I once saw somewhere in an old Fighting Game.

It was the game of the century, where every character had an eternal combo or instant death combo.


By the time I realized it I had already taken the palm of his hand unguarded.

Eight or so of my ribs simultaneously broke.

There was an impact.

However, my body was by no means sent flying backwards.

I felt a pressure almost as if my back had simultaneously received an attack as well.

The damage was all collected internally.

My lung was crushed.


"Goha!!"


In an instant blood came up my throat and I spit out blood.


"If you crush the lung of a magician it restricts them..."


He said that like nothing at all was happening to me while I was on my knees.

I was looking at my old blood spread out on the ground and somewhere in my heart I thought "I see now", and understood it.

It's fine if its just crushing the lung of a magician.

They won't be able to use incantations.

In reality at this point my healing magic has already been sealed.

Of course, incantations aren't the only thing I won't be able to do after a lung is crushed.

I won't be able to maintain life activity.


In other words, it's fatal.


"It's fine for you to die and tell the Hitogami that the Dragon God Orsted will never let you live."


Dragon God.

[Seven Great World Powers] Second ranked.


Orsted gave a glance over me who was crouched over holding my chest.

He pushed me over with his heel.


I saw that as negligence.


I've already received a fatal wound, putting aside defeat, death is already imminent.

In that condition, why did I still think to fight I don't know.

I wonder if it's because I saw Eris still trying to stand in the edge of my field of vision.

This man especially went out of his way to stop those two just in order to ascertain that I would die after.


In any case, I sent a Rock Bullet aimed flying at him.


Why didn't I use a stronger magic?

I have even more advanced magic that I could have used.

Even after, I couldn't understand it.

Just, I most likely used the magic that I was most accustomed to using.

A rock that was as hard as possible, at a velocity that was as fast as possible, with a rotation speed as fast as possible added.


I think that rock bullet was at such a high power that it surprised even me.

The man and I were at an exceedingly close distance, the rock bullet went flying at a red hot speed.


<Orsted turned around and pulverized the rock bullet with his fist>


And then it was smashed.

The rock fell.

After it fell to the ground there was a dinging sound almost as if it was metal.

Orsted looked at his own fist.


"Just now was that a rock bullet... that was an absurd power. To think this magic could leave a wound on my body..."


The skin on the back of Orsted's hand was coming off.

It was just a scratch.

It was no good, there was no point to the rock bullet.

I'm unable to damage this man.


"Your lung should have been crushed though... voiceless incantations? Is that a power you gained from the Hitogami? What other powers have you gained?"


Orsted looked over me as he was surveying.

Wouldn't it be fine if he just quickly stopped it?

He looked at me ruthlessly almost like watching over a grasshopper that has had its legs torn off.

It's painful...


"Geha...!"


I used wind magic and forcefully sent air into my lung.

I violently choked.

I have the feeling it was meaningless, but I forcefully send it in.

And then having accumulated air with all my might, I held my breath.


"Oh. That was an interesting usage, what meaning was there in that just now? Why don't you use voiceless incantations to heal your lung?"


Orsted put his hand on his chin and looked over me as if my suffering was of great interest.

In my fading consciousness I created a fire ball with my right hand.

In fire magic the more magic power you pour into it the greater the temperature rises and the scale increases.

If the rock bullet speed and hardness is no good then what about heat and explosive power?


"That is already fine. 'Ran Ma' [Disturb Magic]!"[2]


That shallow thought was easily erased.

The instant I pointed my right hand at Orsted, the consistency of magic power gathering at the end of my hand was disturbed.

The magic power that continued to come out from the end of my hand never took shape and scattered.


Even in my hazy state I understood it.

It was interfering with the magic power coming out from my hand, by disturbing it he's cancelling out my magic.

It seems like something I could do as well, I carelessly thought.


My right hand is sealed.

However, I still have my left hand.


I started to construct magic with my other hand, I'll drive a shock wave into the middle of Orsted.


I heard a heavy sound ring out, Orsted was blown backwards.

Simultaneously, I was also able to fly back.


"Hmm... you managed to cancel [Magic Disturb]? No, it's different...it's a form of multiple incantations. Being able to do it with voiceless incantations what a skillful guy you are. This sort of feeling."


With his left hand the man pointed his finger and a small sound came out.

And then, at the man’s feet a small window about 50 cm in every direction appeared.

It was a pretty window that was silver in color adorned with gaudy dragon ornaments.


"Oh, it's surprisingly strong."


Without minding anything, I fired off the most high power fire magic I could at Orsted.

My image was a huge blaze. A mushroom cloud.

Nuclear explosion.

I gathered my power in order to hit him, I simply continued to concentrate my magic power.

I wasn't really thinking about the fact that Eris and Ruijerd would be swallowed up in it.

I had already lost the power to think.


"Open, [First Dragon Gate]."


After the man muttered that the window opened.


In that instant, the magic power that was going to become magic in my left hand was sucked up.

The frame of the window made a noise as it cracked.


Simultaneously, an explosion happened near Orsted.

It was overwhelmingly smaller than what I was assuming.

He was able to simply avoid it.


"What a frightening amount of magic power. Even the [First Dragon Gate] couldn't bear this size. It's almost at the same level as Laplace. There's a reason for the Hitogami to make you into an apostle. However, why haven't you used healing magic on your lung since a while ago? Are you trying to get me to let my guard down?"


At that time, my consciousness was already on the verge of being interrupted.

I didn't have any judgment left.

Since a while ago I haven't been able to breathe sufficiently.

The man continued to look at me again as he surveyed.

Our eyes met.


"Is it over?"


Just a moment.

Orsted was closing in on the bewildered me.

I already had nothing left.


"Can you not do anything beyond magic?"


My magic has been sealed and my legs are cramped, I can't move.

In front of this overwhelming intent to kill, I can't do anything.

In the edge of my vision the border of the window disappeared.


However, I wasn't able to do anything.


"Go ba!!'


What I suddenly let out was the very small roar that I learned in the Dorudia village.


"Mu...!"


Orsted put himself on guard to my action.

However.

Obviously.

All I did was spit up blood, there was no effect.


"...Just magic power, huh. What were you planning?"


I already can't do anything.

My magic has been sealed, there's no chance of winning to be found with physical techniques.

The only thing left that I could do is nothing but prostrate myself.


"Well, it's fine, die."


But, Orsted wouldn't even let me prostrate myself.


"Ga fu..."


The arm sent flying at a super speed easily pierced through my body.

The fist certainly went through my heart.

Certainly a fatal wound.

A wound that wouldn't even be healed with healing magic.


"Too quick. Damn Hitogami. Did you make someone who can't even wear touki [Fighting Spirit] into a pawn. What were you planning?"


He pulled out his fist.

There it was, splattered with my blood.


I tried to stand.

My body isn't listening to what I say.

Against my will, my body crumbles.


At the edge of my vision, I saw Eris with her face raised looking at me blankly.

Our eyes met.


"Ahh...a... Ru...Rudeu...Rudeus...!"


In my fading consciousness, I calmly thought about it.


Ah, this is bad.

I don't want to die.

I haven't fulfilled my promise to Eris yet.

At least two more years, please wait two years.

Even though I could go without any regrets if that were the case...


It's healing.

Healing...

Gather the magic power, there's only one wound.

I can't do the incantation, my lung has a hole in it as well.

However, do it, slowly, gather the magic power.

Fix it, I'll fix it.

I can't afford to die yet.


"Uwaaaaahhhhh...aaa!"


Eris cried out.

It was a scream of bitterness.


"Was he someone precious? Sorry about that Eris Boreas Greyrat. However, one day will come when you understand. Let's go, Nanahoshi."

"Y-yes..."


Orsted leisurely walked away leading the girl.

Eris couldn't stand up.

Was it damage or was it terror.

Or else was it shock.

Only able to raise her shout, without a sword, just crying and shouting.


"Ruijerd! Ghyslaine! Grandfather! Father! Mother! Therese! Paul! It doesn't matter who, it doesn't matter who so just save him! Rudeus will die!"


This is bad, my consciousness is starting to fade.


Are you serious?

Is it really over here?


I don't want to...

...die...


---


"Hey Orsted, there's one thing that's bothering me but... Wouldn't it be better to leave this guy alive?"


On the verge of my consciousness stopping.

I had the feeling that I heard that voice.
